plugins/inputs/snmp_trap/README.md, before:

# SNMP Trap Input Plugin

The SNMP Trap plugin is a service input plugin that receives SNMP
notifications (traps and inform requests).

Notifications are received on plain UDP. The port to listen is
configurable.

### Prerequisites

This plugin uses the `snmptranslate` programs from the
[net-snmp][] project.  These tools will need to be installed into the `PATH` in
order to be located.  Other utilities from the net-snmp project may be useful
for troubleshooting, but are not directly used by the plugin.

These programs will load available MIBs on the system.  Typically the default
directory for MIBs is `/usr/share/snmp/mibs`, but if your MIBs are in a
different location you may need to make the paths known to net-snmp.  The
location of these files can be configured in the `snmp.conf` or via the
`MIBDIRS` environment variable. See [`man 1 snmpcmd`][man snmpcmd] for more
information.

### Configuration

```toml
[[inputs.snmp_trap]]
  instance_id = "" # unique instance identifier (REQUIRED)

  ## Transport, local address, and port to listen on.  Transport must
  ## be "udp://".  Omit local address to listen on all interfaces.
  ##   example: "udp://127.0.0.1:1234"
  ##
  ## Special permissions may be required to listen on a port less than
  ## 1024.  See README.md for details
  ##
  # service_address = "udp://:162"
  ## Timeout running snmptranslate command
  # timeout = "5s"
  ## Snmp version
  # version = "2c"
  ## SNMPv3 authentication and encryption options.
  ##
  ## Security Name.
  # sec_name = "myuser"
  ## Authentication protocol; one of "MD5", "SHA" or "".
  # auth_protocol = "MD5"
  ## Authentication password.
  # auth_password = "pass"
  ## Security Level; one of "noAuthNoPriv", "authNoPriv", or "authPriv".
  # sec_level = "authNoPriv"
  ## Privacy protocol used for encrypted messages; one of "DES", "AES", "AES192", "AES192C", "AES256", "AES256C" or "".
  # priv_protocol = ""
  ## Privacy password used for encrypted messages.
  # priv_password = ""
```

#### Using a Privileged Port

On many operating systems, listening on a privileged port (a port
number less than 1024) requires extra permission.  Since the default
SNMP trap port 162 is in this category, using agent to receive SNMP
traps may need extra permission.

Instructions for listening on a privileged port vary by operating
system. It is not recommended to run agent as superuser in order to
use a privileged port. Instead follow the principle of least privilege
and use a more specific operating system mechanism to allow agent to
use the port.  You may also be able to have agent use an
unprivileged port and then configure a firewall port forward rule from
the privileged port.

To use a privileged port on Linux, you can use setcap to enable the
CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE capability on the agent binary:

```
setcap cap_net_bind_service=+ep /usr/bin/circonus-unified-agent
```

On Mac OS, listening on privileged ports is unrestricted on versions
10.14 and later.

### Metrics

- snmp_trap
    - tags:
        - source (string, IP address of trap source)
        - name (string, value from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
        - mib (string, MIB from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
        - oid (string, OID string from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
        - version (string, "1" or "2c" or "3")
        - context_name (string, value from v3 trap)
        - engine_id (string, value from v3 trap)
        - community (string, value from 1 or 2c trap)
    - fields:
        - Fields are mapped from variables in the trap. Field names are
      the trap variable names after MIB lookup. Field values are trap
      variable values.

### Example Output

```
snmp_trap,mib=SNMPv2-MIB,name=coldStart,oid=.1.3.6.1.6.3.1.1.5.1,source=192.168.122.102,version=2c,community=public snmpTrapEnterprise.0="linux",sysUpTimeInstance=1i 1574109187723429814
snmp_trap,mib=NET-SNMP-AGENT-MIB,name=nsNotifyShutdown,oid=.1.3.6.1.4.1.8072.4.0.2,source=192.168.122.102,version=2c,community=public sysUpTimeInstance=5803i,snmpTrapEnterprise.0="netSnmpNotificationPrefix" 1574109186555115459
```

[net-snmp]: http://www.net-snmp.org/
[man snmpcmd]: http://net-snmp.sourceforge.net/docs/man/snmpcmd.html#lbAK

Commit message:

CIRC-8918 feat: (snmp_trap) enable sending text traps to (open|elastic)search, counters and numeric traps to circonus

plugins/inputs/snmp_trap/README.md, after:

# SNMP Trap Input Plugin

The SNMP Trap plugin is a service input plugin that receives SNMP
notifications (traps and inform requests).

Notifications are received on plain UDP. The port to listen is
configurable.

### Prerequisites

This plugin uses the `snmptranslate` programs from the
[net-snmp][] project.  These tools will need to be installed into the `PATH` in
order to be located.  Other utilities from the net-snmp project may be useful
for troubleshooting, but are not directly used by the plugin.

These programs will load available MIBs on the system.  Typically the default
directory for MIBs is `/usr/share/snmp/mibs`, but if your MIBs are in a
different location you may need to make the paths known to net-snmp.  The
location of these files can be configured in the `snmp.conf` or via the
`MIBDIRS` environment variable. See [`man 1 snmpcmd`][man snmpcmd] for more
information.

### Configuration

```toml
[[inputs.snmp_trap]]
  instance_id = "" # unique instance identifier (REQUIRED)

  ## Route numeric metrics to a specific output using a tag
  ## e.g. circ_routing:circonus
  ## In the desired output plugin use tagpass to accept
  ## the metrics and in other output plugins use tagdrop
  ## to ignore them.
  # circ_route_numeric = ""
  ## Route text metrics to a specifc output using a tag
  ## e.g. circ_routing:elastic - in the elasticsearch output
  ## plugin use tagpass to accept these metrics, and in the 
  ## other output plugins use tagdrop to ignore these metrics.
  ## Note: if this is blank, no text metrics will be generated.
  # circ_route_text = ""
  ## Use numeric OIDs for metric names
  # numeric_oid_metric_name = false

  ## Transport, local address, and port to listen on.  Transport must
  ## be "udp://".  Omit local address to listen on all interfaces.
  ##   example: "udp://127.0.0.1:1234"
  ##
  ## Special permissions may be required to listen on a port less than
  ## 1024.  See README.md for details
  ##
  # service_address = "udp://:162"
  ## Timeout running snmptranslate command
  # timeout = "5s"
  ## Snmp version
  # version = "2c"
  ## SNMPv3 authentication and encryption options.
  ##
  ## Security Name.
  # sec_name = "myuser"
  ## Authentication protocol; one of "MD5", "SHA" or "".
  # auth_protocol = "MD5"
  ## Authentication password.
  # auth_password = "pass"
  ## Security Level; one of "noAuthNoPriv", "authNoPriv", or "authPriv".
  # sec_level = "authNoPriv"
  ## Privacy protocol used for encrypted messages; one of "DES", "AES", "AES192", "AES192C", "AES256", "AES256C" or "".
  # priv_protocol = ""
  ## Privacy password used for encrypted messages.
  # priv_password = ""
```

#### Using a Privileged Port

On many operating systems, listening on a privileged port (a port
number less than 1024) requires extra permission.  Since the default
SNMP trap port 162 is in this category, using agent to receive SNMP
traps may need extra permission.

Instructions for listening on a privileged port vary by operating
system. It is not recommended to run agent as superuser in order to
use a privileged port. Instead follow the principle of least privilege
and use a more specific operating system mechanism to allow agent to
use the port.  You may also be able to have agent use an
unprivileged port and then configure a firewall port forward rule from
the privileged port.

To use a privileged port on Linux, you can use setcap to enable the
CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE capability on the agent binary:

```
setcap cap_net_bind_service=+ep /usr/bin/circonus-unified-agent
```

On Mac OS, listening on privileged ports is unrestricted on versions
10.14 and later.

### Metric routing

Use tags to route metrics to specific outputs - e.g. sending text traps to elasticsearch or opensearch.

1. Set the `circ_route_text` to a specific tag e.g. `circ_routing:elastic`.
2. Use `tagpass` to accept the metric in the elasticsearch output plugin e.g. `tagpass = { circ_routing = ["elastic"] }` optionally, use `tagexclude = ["circ_routing"]` to remove the tag from the metric before it is sent.
3. Use `tagdrop` in other output plugins to drop these metrics e.g. `tagdrop = { circ_routing = ["elastic"] }`

> Note regarding text traps - if `circ_route_text` is not set to route text metrics to an alternate output plugin (not circonus) the text metrics will not be created. Only numeric counters will be generated for text traps, numeric traps will no be affected. If `numeric_oid_metric_name` is set to true, the `.` at the beginning of an OID will be removed so that elasticsearch will accept the data (e.g. .1.3.6.1.6.3.1.1.5.1 -> 1.3.6.1.6.3.1.1.5.1).

### Metrics

- snmp_trap
    - tags:
        - source (string, IP address of trap source)
        - name (string, value from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
        - mib (string, MIB from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
        - oid (string, OID string from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
        - version (string, "1" or "2c" or "3")
        - context_name (string, value from v3 trap)
        - engine_id (string, value from v3 trap)
        - community (string, value from 1 or 2c trap)
    - fields:
        - Fields are mapped from variables in the trap. Field names are
      the trap variable names after MIB lookup. Field values are trap
      variable values.

### Example Output

```
snmp_trap,mib=SNMPv2-MIB,name=coldStart,oid=.1.3.6.1.6.3.1.1.5.1,source=192.168.122.102,version=2c,community=public snmpTrapEnterprise.0="linux",sysUpTimeInstance=1i 1574109187723429814
snmp_trap,mib=NET-SNMP-AGENT-MIB,name=nsNotifyShutdown,oid=.1.3.6.1.4.1.8072.4.0.2,source=192.168.122.102,version=2c,community=public sysUpTimeInstance=5803i,snmpTrapEnterprise.0="netSnmpNotificationPrefix" 1574109186555115459
```

[net-snmp]: http://www.net-snmp.org/
[man snmpcmd]: http://net-snmp.sourceforge.net/docs/man/snmpcmd.html#lbAK
