plugins/inputs/stackdriver/README.md, before:

# Stackdriver Google Cloud Monitoring Input Plugin

Query data from Google Cloud Monitoring (formerly Stackdriver) using the
[Cloud Monitoring API v3][stackdriver].

This plugin accesses APIs which are [chargeable][pricing]; you might incur
costs.

### Configuration

```toml
[[inputs.stackdriver]]
  instance_id = "" # unique instance identifier (REQUIRED)

  ## GCP Project
  project = "erudite-bloom-151019"

  ## Include timeseries that start with the given metric type.
  metric_type_prefix_include = [
    "compute.googleapis.com/",
  ]

  ## Exclude timeseries that start with the given metric type.
  # metric_type_prefix_exclude = []

  ## Most metrics are updated no more than once per minute; it is recommended
  ## to override the agent level interval with a value of 1m or greater.
  interval = "1m"

  ## Maximum number of API calls to make per second.  The quota for accounts
  ## varies, it can be viewed on the API dashboard:
  ##   https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/quotas#quotas_and_limits
  # rate_limit = 14

  ## The delay and window options control the number of points selected on
  ## each gather.  When set, metrics are gathered between:
  ##   start: now() - delay - window
  ##   end:   now() - delay
  #
  ## Collection delay; if set too low metrics may not yet be available.
  # delay = "5m"
  #
  ## If unset, the window will start at 1m and be updated dynamically to span
  ## the time between calls (approximately the length of the plugin interval).
  # window = "1m"

  ## TTL for cached list of metric types.  This is the maximum amount of time
  ## it may take to discover new metrics.
  # cache_ttl = "1h"

  ## If true, raw bucket counts are collected for distribution value types.
  ## For a more lightweight collection, you may wish to disable and use
  ## distribution_aggregation_aligners instead.
  # gather_raw_distribution_buckets = true

  ## Aggregate functions to be used for metrics whose value type is
  ## distribution.  These aggregate values are recorded in in addition to raw
  ## bucket counts; if they are enabled.
  ##
  ## For a list of aligner strings see:
  ##   https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/ref_v3/rpc/google.monitoring.v3#aligner
  # distribution_aggregation_aligners = [
  # 	"ALIGN_PERCENTILE_99",
  # 	"ALIGN_PERCENTILE_95",
  # 	"ALIGN_PERCENTILE_50",
  # ]

  ## Filters can be added to reduce the number of time series matched.  All
  ## functions are supported: starts_with, ends_with, has_substring, and
  ## one_of.  Only the '=' operator is supported.
  ##
  ## The logical operators when combining filters are defined statically using
  ## the following values:
  ##   filter ::= <resource_labels> {AND <metric_labels>}
  ##   resource_labels ::= <resource_labels> {OR <resource_label>}
  ##   metric_labels ::= <metric_labels> {OR <metric_label>}
  ##
  ## For more details, see https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/v3/filters
  #
  ## Resource labels refine the time series selection with the following expression:
  ##   resource.labels.<key> = <value>
  # [[inputs.stackdriver.filter.resource_labels]]
  #   key = "instance_name"
  #   value = 'starts_with("localhost")'
  #
  ## Metric labels refine the time series selection with the following expression:
  ##   metric.labels.<key> = <value>
  #  [[inputs.stackdriver.filter.metric_labels]]
  #  	 key = "device_name"
  #  	 value = 'one_of("sda", "sdb")'
```

#### Authentication

It is recommended to use a service account to authenticate with the
Stackdriver Monitoring API.  [Getting Started with Authentication][auth].

### Metrics

Metrics are created using one of there patterns depending on if the value type
is a scalar value, raw distribution buckets, or aligned bucket values.

In all cases, the Stackdriver metric type is split on the last component into
the measurement and field:
```
compute.googleapis.com/instance/disk/read_bytes_count
└──────────  measurement  ─────────┘ └──  field  ───┘
```

**Scalar Values:**

- measurement
  - tags:
    - resource_labels
    - metric_labels
  - fields:
    - field


**Distributions:**

Distributions are represented by a set of fields along with the bucket values
tagged with the bucket boundary.  Buckets are cumulative: each bucket
represents the total number of items less than the `lt` tag.

- measurement
  - tags:
    - resource_labels
    - metric_labels
  - fields:
    - field_count
    - field_mean
    - field_sum_of_squared_deviation
    - field_range_min
    - field_range_max

+ measurement
  - tags:
    - resource_labels
    - metric_labels
    - lt (less than)
  - fields:
    - field_bucket

**Aligned Aggregations:**

- measurement
  - tags:
    - resource_labels
    - metric_labels
  - fields:
    - field_alignment_function

### Troubleshooting

When agent is ran with `--debug`, detailed information about the performed
queries will be logged.

### Example Output
```
```
[stackdriver]: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/v3/
[auth]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started
[pricing]: https://cloud.google.com/stackdriver/pricing#stackdriver_monitoring_services

Commit message:

update readme for stackdriver for the credentials file

plugins/inputs/stackdriver/README.md, after:

# Stackdriver Google Cloud Monitoring Input Plugin

Query data from Google Cloud Monitoring (formerly Stackdriver) using the
[Cloud Monitoring API v3][stackdriver].

This plugin accesses APIs which are [chargeable][pricing]; you might incur
costs.

### Configuration

```toml
[[inputs.stackdriver]]
  instance_id = "" # unique instance identifier (REQUIRED)

  ## GCP Project
  project = "erudite-bloom-151019"

  ## Optional. Filepath for GCP credentials JSON file to authorize calls to
  ## monitoring APIs. If not set explicitly, the agent will attempt to use
  ## Application Default Credentials, which is preferred.
  # credentials_file = "path/to/my/creds.json"

  ## Include timeseries that start with the given metric type.
  metric_type_prefix_include = [
    "compute.googleapis.com/",
  ]

  ## Exclude timeseries that start with the given metric type.
  # metric_type_prefix_exclude = []

  ## Most metrics are updated no more than once per minute; it is recommended
  ## to override the agent level interval with a value of 1m or greater.
  interval = "1m"

  ## Maximum number of API calls to make per second.  The quota for accounts
  ## varies, it can be viewed on the API dashboard:
  ##   https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/quotas#quotas_and_limits
  # rate_limit = 14

  ## The delay and window options control the number of points selected on
  ## each gather.  When set, metrics are gathered between:
  ##   start: now() - delay - window
  ##   end:   now() - delay
  #
  ## Collection delay; if set too low metrics may not yet be available.
  # delay = "5m"
  #
  ## If unset, the window will start at 1m and be updated dynamically to span
  ## the time between calls (approximately the length of the plugin interval).
  # window = "1m"

  ## TTL for cached list of metric types.  This is the maximum amount of time
  ## it may take to discover new metrics.
  # cache_ttl = "1h"

  ## If true, raw bucket counts are collected for distribution value types.
  ## For a more lightweight collection, you may wish to disable and use
  ## distribution_aggregation_aligners instead.
  # gather_raw_distribution_buckets = true

  ## Aggregate functions to be used for metrics whose value type is
  ## distribution.  These aggregate values are recorded in in addition to raw
  ## bucket counts; if they are enabled.
  ##
  ## For a list of aligner strings see:
  ##   https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/ref_v3/rpc/google.monitoring.v3#aligner
  # distribution_aggregation_aligners = [
  # 	"ALIGN_PERCENTILE_99",
  # 	"ALIGN_PERCENTILE_95",
  # 	"ALIGN_PERCENTILE_50",
  # ]

  ## Filters can be added to reduce the number of time series matched.  All
  ## functions are supported: starts_with, ends_with, has_substring, and
  ## one_of.  Only the '=' operator is supported.
  ##
  ## The logical operators when combining filters are defined statically using
  ## the following values:
  ##   filter ::= <resource_labels> {AND <metric_labels>}
  ##   resource_labels ::= <resource_labels> {OR <resource_label>}
  ##   metric_labels ::= <metric_labels> {OR <metric_label>}
  ##
  ## For more details, see https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/v3/filters
  #
  ## Resource labels refine the time series selection with the following expression:
  ##   resource.labels.<key> = <value>
  # [[inputs.stackdriver.filter.resource_labels]]
  #   key = "instance_name"
  #   value = 'starts_with("localhost")'
  #
  ## Metric labels refine the time series selection with the following expression:
  ##   metric.labels.<key> = <value>
  #  [[inputs.stackdriver.filter.metric_labels]]
  #  	 key = "device_name"
  #  	 value = 'one_of("sda", "sdb")'
```

#### Authentication

It is recommended to use a service account to authenticate with the
Stackdriver Monitoring API.  [Getting Started with Authentication][auth].

### Metrics

Metrics are created using one of there patterns depending on if the value type
is a scalar value, raw distribution buckets, or aligned bucket values.

In all cases, the Stackdriver metric type is split on the last component into
the measurement and field:
```
compute.googleapis.com/instance/disk/read_bytes_count
└──────────  measurement  ─────────┘ └──  field  ───┘
```

**Scalar Values:**

- measurement
  - tags:
    - resource_labels
    - metric_labels
  - fields:
    - field


**Distributions:**

Distributions are represented by a set of fields along with the bucket values
tagged with the bucket boundary.  Buckets are cumulative: each bucket
represents the total number of items less than the `lt` tag.

- measurement
  - tags:
    - resource_labels
    - metric_labels
  - fields:
    - field_count
    - field_mean
    - field_sum_of_squared_deviation
    - field_range_min
    - field_range_max

+ measurement
  - tags:
    - resource_labels
    - metric_labels
    - lt (less than)
  - fields:
    - field_bucket

**Aligned Aggregations:**

- measurement
  - tags:
    - resource_labels
    - metric_labels
  - fields:
    - field_alignment_function

### Troubleshooting

When agent is ran with `--debug`, detailed information about the performed
queries will be logged.

### Example Output
```
```
[stackdriver]: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/v3/
[auth]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started
[pricing]: https://cloud.google.com/stackdriver/pricing#stackdriver_monitoring_services
