plugins/inputs/teamspeak/README.md, before:

# Teamspeak 3 Input Plugin

This plugin uses the Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery interface of the Teamspeak server to collect statistics of one or more
virtual servers. If you are querying an external Teamspeak server, make sure to add the host which is running the agent
to query_ip_whitelist.txt in the Teamspeak Server directory. For information about how to configure the server take a look 
the [Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery Manual](http://media.teamspeak.com/ts3_literature/TeamSpeak%203%20Server%20Query%20Manual.pdf)

### Configuration:

```toml
# Reads metrics from a Teamspeak 3 Server via ServerQuery
[[inputs.teamspeak]]
  ## Server address for Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery
  # server = "127.0.0.1:10011"
  ## Username for ServerQuery
  username = "serverqueryuser"
  ## Password for ServerQuery
  password = "secret"
  ## Array of virtual servers
  # virtual_servers = [1]
```

### Measurements:

- teamspeak
    - uptime
    - clients_online
    - total_ping
    - total_packet_loss
    - packets_sent_total
    - packets_received_total
    - bytes_sent_total
    - bytes_received_total

### Tags:

- The following tags are used:
    - virtual_server
    - name

### Example output:

```
teamspeak,virtual_server=1,name=LeopoldsServer,host=vm01 bytes_received_total=29638202639i,uptime=13567846i,total_ping=26.89,total_packet_loss=0,packets_sent_total=415821252i,packets_received_total=237069900i,bytes_sent_total=55309568252i,clients_online=11i 1507406561000000000
```

Commit message:

upd: all input plugins to include instance_id in both the README (if applicable) and example configs in code

plugins/inputs/teamspeak/README.md, after:

# Teamspeak 3 Input Plugin

This plugin uses the Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery interface of the Teamspeak server to collect statistics of one or more
virtual servers. If you are querying an external Teamspeak server, make sure to add the host which is running the agent
to query_ip_whitelist.txt in the Teamspeak Server directory. For information about how to configure the server take a look
the [Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery Manual](http://media.teamspeak.com/ts3_literature/TeamSpeak%203%20Server%20Query%20Manual.pdf)

### Configuration

```toml
# Reads metrics from a Teamspeak 3 Server via ServerQuery
[[inputs.teamspeak]]
  instance_id = "" # unique instance identifier (REQUIRED)

  ## Server address for Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery
  # server = "127.0.0.1:10011"
  ## Username for ServerQuery
  username = "serverqueryuser"
  ## Password for ServerQuery
  password = "secret"
  ## Array of virtual servers
  # virtual_servers = [1]
```

### Measurements

- teamspeak
    - uptime
    - clients_online
    - total_ping
    - total_packet_loss
    - packets_sent_total
    - packets_received_total
    - bytes_sent_total
    - bytes_received_total

### Tags

- The following tags are used:
    - virtual_server
    - name

### Example output

```
teamspeak,virtual_server=1,name=LeopoldsServer,host=vm01 bytes_received_total=29638202639i,uptime=13567846i,total_ping=26.89,total_packet_loss=0,packets_sent_total=415821252i,packets_received_total=237069900i,bytes_sent_total=55309568252i,clients_online=11i 1507406561000000000
```
