plugins/inputs/exec/README.md, before:

# Exec Input Plugin

The `exec` plugin executes all the `commands` in parallel on every interval and parses metrics from
their output in any one of the accepted [Input Data Formats](https://github.com/circonus-labs/circonus-unified-agent/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md).

This plugin can be used to poll for custom metrics from any source.

### Configuration:

```toml
[[inputs.exec]]
  ## Commands array
  commands = [
    "/tmp/test.sh",
    "/usr/bin/mycollector --foo=bar",
    "/tmp/collect_*.sh"
  ]

  ## Timeout for each command to complete.
  timeout = "5s"

  ## measurement name suffix (for separating different commands)
  name_suffix = "_mycollector"

  ## Data format to consume.
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/circonus-labs/circonus-unified-agent/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```

Glob patterns in the `command` option are matched on every run, so adding new
scripts that match the pattern will cause them to be picked up immediately.

### Example:

This script produces static values, since no timestamp is specified the values are at the current time.
```sh
#!/bin/sh
echo 'example,tag1=a,tag2=b i=42i,j=43i,k=44i'
```

It can be paired with the following configuration and will be run at the `interval` of the agent.
```toml
[[inputs.exec]]
  commands = ["sh /tmp/test.sh"]
  timeout = "5s"
  data_format = "influx"
```

### Common Issues:

#### My script works when I run it by hand, but not when the agent is running as a service.

This may be related to the agent service running as a different user.  The
official packages run the agent as the `cua` user and group on Linux
systems.

#### With a PowerShell on Windows, the output of the script appears to be truncated.

You may need to set a variable in your script to increase the number of columns
available for output:
```
$host.UI.RawUI.BufferSize = new-object System.Management.Automation.Host.Size(1024,50)
```

Commit message:

upd: all input plugins to include instance_id in both the README (if applicable) and example configs in code

plugins/inputs/exec/README.md, after:

# Exec Input Plugin

The `exec` plugin executes all the `commands` in parallel on every interval and parses metrics from
their output in any one of the accepted [Input Data Formats](https://github.com/circonus-labs/circonus-unified-agent/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md).

This plugin can be used to poll for custom metrics from any source.

### Configuration

```toml
[[inputs.exec]]
  ## Commands array
  commands = [
    "/tmp/test.sh",
    "/usr/bin/mycollector --foo=bar",
    "/tmp/collect_*.sh"
  ]

  ## Timeout for each command to complete.
  timeout = "5s"

  ## measurement name suffix (for separating different commands)
  name_suffix = "_mycollector"

  ## Data format to consume.
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/circonus-labs/circonus-unified-agent/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```

Glob patterns in the `command` option are matched on every run, so adding new
scripts that match the pattern will cause them to be picked up immediately.

### Example

This script produces static values, since no timestamp is specified the values are at the current time.

```sh
#!/bin/sh
echo 'example,tag1=a,tag2=b i=42i,j=43i,k=44i'
```

It can be paired with the following configuration and will be run at the `interval` of the agent.

```toml
[[inputs.exec]]
  instance_id = "" # unique instance identifier (REQUIRED)

  commands = ["sh /tmp/test.sh"]
  timeout = "5s"
  data_format = "influx"
```

### Common Issues

#### My script works when I run it by hand, but not when the agent is running as a service

This may be related to the agent service running as a different user.  The
official packages run the agent as the `cua` user and group on Linux
systems.

#### With a PowerShell on Windows, the output of the script appears to be truncated

You may need to set a variable in your script to increase the number of columns
available for output:

```
$host.UI.RawUI.BufferSize = new-object System.Management.Automation.Host.Size(1024,50)
```
