plugins/inputs/github/README.md, before:

# GitHub Input Plugin

Gather repository information from [GitHub][] hosted repositories.

**Note:** The agent also contains the [webhook][] input which can be used as an
alternative method for collecting repository information.

### Configuration

```toml
[[inputs.github]]
  ## List of repositories to monitor
  repositories = [
	  "circonus-labs/circonus-unified-agent",
	  "circonus-labs/circonus-kubernetes-agent"
  ]

  ## Github API access token.  Unauthenticated requests are limited to 60 per hour.
  # access_token = ""

  ## Github API enterprise url. Github Enterprise accounts must specify their base url.
  # enterprise_base_url = ""

  ## Timeout for HTTP requests.
  # http_timeout = "5s"
```

### Metrics

- github_repository
  - tags:
    - name - The repository name
    - owner - The owner of the repository
    - language - The primary language of the repository
    - license - The license set for the repository
  - fields:
    - forks (int)
    - open_issues (int)
    - networks (int)
    - size (int)
    - subscribers (int)
    - stars (int)
    - watchers (int)

When the [internal][] input is enabled:

+ internal_github
  - tags:
    - access_token - An obfuscated reference to the configured access token or "Unauthenticated"
  - fields:
    - limit - How many requests you are limited to (per hour)
    - remaining - How many requests you have remaining (per hour)
    - blocks - How many requests have been blocked due to rate limit

### Example Output

```
github_repository,language=Go,license=MIT\ License,name=circonus-unified-agent,owner=circonus-labs forks=1i,networks=1i,open_issues=0i,size=23263i,stars=1i,subscribers=1i,watchers=1i 1563901372000000000
internal_github,access_token=Unauthenticated rate_limit_remaining=59i,rate_limit_limit=60i,rate_limit_blocks=0i 1552653551000000000
```

[GitHub]: https://www.github.com
[internal]: /plugins/inputs/internal
[webhook]: /plugins/inputs/webhooks/github

Commit message:

upd: all input plugins to include instance_id in both the README (if applicable) and example configs in code

plugins/inputs/github/README.md, after:

# GitHub Input Plugin

Gather repository information from [GitHub][] hosted repositories.

**Note:** The agent also contains the [webhook][] input which can be used as an
alternative method for collecting repository information.

### Configuration

```toml
[[inputs.github]]
  instance_id = "" # unique instance identifier (REQUIRED)

  ## List of repositories to monitor
  repositories = [
	  "circonus-labs/circonus-unified-agent",
	  "circonus-labs/circonus-kubernetes-agent"
  ]

  ## Github API access token.  Unauthenticated requests are limited to 60 per hour.
  # access_token = ""

  ## Github API enterprise url. Github Enterprise accounts must specify their base url.
  # enterprise_base_url = ""

  ## Timeout for HTTP requests.
  # http_timeout = "5s"
```

### Metrics

- github_repository
    - tags:
        - name - The repository name
        - owner - The owner of the repository
        - language - The primary language of the repository
        - license - The license set for the repository
    - fields:
        - forks (int)
        - open_issues (int)
        - networks (int)
        - size (int)
        - subscribers (int)
        - stars (int)
        - watchers (int)

When the [internal][] input is enabled:

- internal_github
    - tags:
        - access_token - An obfuscated reference to the configured access token or "Unauthenticated"
    - fields:
        - limit - How many requests you are limited to (per hour)
        - remaining - How many requests you have remaining (per hour)
        - blocks - How many requests have been blocked due to rate limit

### Example Output

```
github_repository,language=Go,license=MIT\ License,name=circonus-unified-agent,owner=circonus-labs forks=1i,networks=1i,open_issues=0i,size=23263i,stars=1i,subscribers=1i,watchers=1i 1563901372000000000
internal_github,access_token=Unauthenticated rate_limit_remaining=59i,rate_limit_limit=60i,rate_limit_blocks=0i 1552653551000000000
```

[GitHub]: https://www.github.com
[internal]: /plugins/inputs/internal
[webhook]: /plugins/inputs/webhooks/github
